he's really into nature documentaries
and i fundamentally disagree with them
right because everyone's like oh david
datton was so amazing david attenborough
has done so much for the animals
no david attenborough has made it really
hard for the animals
because he has set the bar too high for
what nature should look like
do you know what i mean because these
birds on iplayer look stunning
in real life they can't keep up with
those beauty standards
you can't compete with hd
if i was a pigeon i'd be pissed
i'm just trying to steal your fish and
chips don't expect a narrative arc
i was in the park here i saw a heron
okay and i was like what's the point
it's not even in slow motion because
without the orchestra
just some bird on a fence in it
i have had some nice experiences though
when i was a teenager i was in the zoo
yeah and i saw something
so moving and beautiful it changed my
life i saw
two giraffes banging
and i literally cried and my mom was
like oh my god and i was like girl
this is poetry because you go understand
right they were both male giraffes
and i never grew up around any openly
proud queer people
so that day these two giraffes became my
role models
madonna sure but my true gay icons were
cliff and herbert from colchester zoo
you